	Men looking for information on burning chest fat are often doing this because they have man boobs, or as they have recently become labeled "Moobs". Unless you suffer from man boobs you will have no idea of the mental trauma they can cause but those that do suffer from them will know what I am talking about. Thankfully there are exercises that get rid of the fat around the chest area that can help you.A gym membership is recommended as it can greatly increase the speed at which you get results but for one reason or another this isn't possible for everyone. For that reason I am going to list a few exercises you can do at home.  You will also need the right diet to aid with losing your man boobs and also a mix of both cardio and strength exercises. Here are some great exercises you can do at home.Here are some great exercises you can do at home.Jumping jacksStand upright and put your feet together and your hands down by your side. Raise your hands to your side and up above your head, as you move your feet out to the side. Then bring your feet back and hands back to there starting position. Stationary seatFor this you will need to find a clear wall to rest your back against. Push your back on the wall and place yourself in a position similar to one you would be in if you where sat on a chair. Hold this position for 30 seconds. This is counted as one set.Alternating sit-upsLie flat on your back with your knees up in the air.Now put your hands behind your ears and sit up aiming your left elbow at your right knee. Next sit up again but change and aim your right elbow to your left knee and continue in this alternating pattern.Step upFind a sturdy object that you can safely step on such as a small stool. Ideally you should aim for a step that should go up to mid shin level. Now step up with one foot and join with the other foot. Then step down and with your next step use the opposite foot first. Continue in this rotating pattern.These exercises should be done in 3 sets of 12 with a rest period of 30 seconds between sets. The best way of doing this is to do each exercise once and then repeat them all again until you have done 3 sets of each.The above exercises are a great starting point for those wanting to start burning chest fat and start getting rid of their man boobs. Along with the right diet and a few more exercises there is no reason you won't achieve your goals, but these exercises are a great place to start.	