5 Secrets To Make A Killing On Ebay!
Secret #1: Find a  real  wholesale and drop ship company<br><br>Do you know what one of the biggest problem is to be successful on ebay?  What should I sell ? I can tell you, I get many emails per day from eBay sellers, asking me what they can sell. Let me explain this more in detail. <br><br>Let s take John and David for example. Both are sellers and try to make money on ebay. Let s start with John. He mainly gets his items from garage sales. So, every Saturday morning he gets up very early, hops into his car and drives around the neighborhood to check out the garage sales. So he went last Saturday. John did not buy anything on the first two garage sales, but on his third garage sale, he found a little treasure. An old book from 1897 - for a bargain price of $10. Bingo! John was proud!  I can sell this for huge profit , he thought and he went home. He took his digital camera and he made a high quality digital photo. It took quite some time but finally he was happy with the result. Then he had to upload this picture to his computer and he spent some time writing the sales copy. Late Saturday afternoon finally he was finished and launched this book onto eBay. 7-10 days later his item got sold for $75!! John is excited. He packs the item, labels it with the buyers address and then he drives to the nearest post office. Oh no, what a long line. After 15 min of waiting he could finally post this item to his customer! Wow, a lot of work for $65 profit? Don t you think?<br><br>Let s look at David. He usually gets up very late   usually at Saturday around lunchtime. He is still in his pyjamas and he makes himself a nice cup of coffee and gets onto the Internet. He logs into his drop ship account and browses through some hot selling product.  Yes, I can sell that  - A nice laptop for a bargain price of $550 (wholesale price). But David does not have to pay upfront for this item, so he just downloads the professional digital photos offered by his drop ship company to his computer.  Oh wait ; David has just discovered that this drop ship company has also a  ready-to-use  auction sales letter available. That s really cool  and David copies and pastes the source code of this letter into his eBay listing and he launches his auction. A Dutch auction, since the drop ship company announced that they have more than one of this laptop currently available. Great, David could sell 6 laptops. He hits the submit button for this Dutch auction of 6 laptops and enjoys his coffee (which is still hot by the way). After 7-10 days David has sold all 6 laptops for $830 each. All what David does is the following: He waits until he gets the payment from his 6 customers in his PayPal account, sends the address of the customers together with 6 x $550 (wholesale price) to his drop sip company via PayPal. He has made pure profit of 6 x $280 = $1,680 in about 25 min of work   total. That s why David is a smarter eBay seller than John. I think the idea is clear  drop shipping can be the answer to your problem what to sell on ebay and it can save you a lot of time too. No packing, posting etc. <br><br>Secret #2: Have a professional auction listing <br><br>A professional eBay auction site is like your business card. If you are serious selling on eBay you should show your potential customers that you are a professional seller and that you are selling high quality products. Please, don t just upload a photo and type the text in the description box. Do your homework and learn some HTML. Look around there are many professional tutorials and eBooks around helping you in that matter. It s definitely worth it. And you ll be surprised, because if your auction listing looks nice and professional potential buyers stay longer on your site and usually it s more likely that they place a bid.<br><br>Secret #3: The money is in the follow up<br><br> Yes, I ve heard this before , you may say. But, this is a very important aspect of your successful eBay career: Follow up with your customers. Send them an email ~10 days after they have purchased the product and ask them how they are going with the product and if everything is all right. Invite them to have a look at your other auctions. (You have to be careful though not offending anyone, but if the products are related and you ask how they went with the product, that s fine). I never got complaints by doing that and your customers are happy to get some  insider tips . You ll be amazed how many customers will buy from you again, since they value you as a seller. Keep in mind that it is easier to keep an existing customer, instead of getting a new customer. You could also send them a thank you gift in form of a downloadable digital information product. That s easy for you and they get some valuable information. You ll see that your existing customers will be very thankful and they feel good that they have bought from you and will do again in the future.<br><br>Secret #4: Sell internationally<br><br>This aspect is often neglected by many eBay sellers: Sell internationally! First, check with your drop ship company in which countries they are shipping and how much postage they charge to send the item overseas. If you have sort out these details, you can go ahead and list your item internationally. You ll be surprised how many more items you are selling when the potential buyers see: Ship worldwide. Don t miss this opportunity or you are leaving big bucks on the table.<br><br>Secret #5: Be creative   Be different <br><br>How you do think your listing will be stand out from the crowd? Good question isn t it. In my 4 years of being an active Power Seller, I have tried and tested a lot. First have the photo in the gallery; it just costs a bit more to list but these additional cents are well spending. A recent study has shown that people almost ignore listing without a picture in the gallery. So that s mandatory! The next step is your title. Do you know that only the title is spidery by eBay when potential customers are searching for specific products? So, you have to make sure that your title includes as much keywords as possible. But be careful here, eBay does not like  keyword stuffing . So, be creative and come up with 2-3 different titles for the same item. Try them all and you ll see what works best.